Research Questions for t1 (COG-ED):

1. Can the revised COG-ED paradigm capture a person's actual preferences better?
a) For participants high in NFC, the subjective value curve is right skewed. (i.e. 1-back has a lower value than 2-back)
b) For participants low in NFC, the subjective value curve is exponential. (i.e. 1-back has the highest value)

2. Can we replicate findings of Westbrook et al. (2013)?
a1) There is a significant positive correlation between NFC and the AUC of the subjective value between 2-back and 4-back [Replication].
a2) There is no correlation between NFC and the AUC of the subjective value between 1-back and 4-back [Extension].
b) In a multiple regression with AUC as the second predictor, the NTLX (task load questionnaire) cannot predict NFC.
c) In a multiple regression with NTLX as the second predictor, the AUC can predict NFC.

3. Can we replicate findings of Kramer et al. (2021)?
a) Association of NFC and subjective value disappears when n-back performance is added as a covariate.

Research Questions for t2 (ER-ED):

4. What are individual subjective values of emotion regulation strategies?
a) The individual subjective values of ER strategies are negatively correlated with the respective subjective effort ratings.
b) ...

5. Individual subjective values of ER strategies are related to personality traits:
a) Habitual use of reappraisal measured via ERQ is positively correlated with subjective value of distancing.
b) Habitual use of suppression measured via ERQ is positively correlated with subjective value of suppression.
C) Higher emotion regulation flexibility measured via FlexER is associated with higher subjective values of all strategies.

6. Emotion regulation success is associated with self-control
a) Higher self-control is associated with more down-regulation of emotional arousal during use of ER strategies.

Research Questions for associations between T1 and T2

7. How much does Effort Discounting depend on the stimulus material?
a) The Area under the Curve values for the subjective values of T1 and T2 are highly correlated (i.e. low intra-individual ED-variability)
b) ...